README.md, before:

# Miho
Basic 2d spacial data for maplusitoree. Also includes a cute QuadTree &amp; Binary Search Tree.


Odin's quadtree is quite bad. Really bad. In fact, it's performance is less than just simply iterating an array from my baseline benchmarks. This has plagued every source for a long time now.
```
 public Foothold findBelow(Point p){
        List<Foothold> relevants = getRelevants(p);
        List<Foothold> xMatches = new LinkedList<Foothold>();
        for(Foothold fh : relevants){
            if(fh.x1() <= p.x() && fh.x2() >= p.x()){
                xMatches.add(fh);
            }
        }
        ....
```

Miho's quadtree,and binary search tree, while not perfect, are slightly better. Example:
```
public Foothold getFootholdUnderneath(int x, int y) {
        var result = Result.of((Foothold) null);

        root.searchDown(match -> {
            if (!match.isWall() && match.below(x, y))
                result.setIf(res -> res.compareY(match) == 1, match);
        }, x, y);

        return result.get();
}
```

## Benchmarks
```
Benchmark              Mode  Cnt       Score       Error  Units
MihoQuad              thrpt   20  735644.743 ±  8855.393  ops/s
MihoBst               thrpt   20  716753.216 ± 39950.476  ops/s
LiterallyAnArray      thrpt   20  239952.250 ± 11306.816  ops/s
Odin                  thrpt   20   22399.357 ±   424.996  ops/s
```

Commit message:

Some minor bugfixes in the Spaces util. Defaulted the getFootholdUnderneath fallback for consistency.
Updated the readme for a public release.

README.md, after:

# Miho
Basic 2d spacial data for maplusitoree. Also includes a cute QuadTree &amp; Binary Search Tree.
I recommend using the Binary Search Tree for footholds as it usually has better results and is more memory efficient.

### Why?
Odin's quadtree is quite bad. Really bad. In fact, just simply iterating an array shows higher benchmark scores. This has plagued every source for a long time now.
```
 public Foothold findBelow(Point p){
        List<Foothold> relevants = getRelevants(p);
        List<Foothold> xMatches = new LinkedList<Foothold>();
        for(Foothold fh : relevants){
            if(fh.x1() <= p.x() && fh.x2() >= p.x()){
                xMatches.add(fh);
            }
        }
        ....
```

Miho's quadtree and bst are better. Example:
```
public Foothold getFootholdUnderneath(int x, int y) {
        var result = Result.of((Foothold) null);

        root.searchDown(match -> {
            if (!match.isWall() && match.below(x, y))
                result.setIf(res -> res.compareY(match) == 1, match);
        }, x, y);

        return result.get();
}
```

### Benchmarks
The benchmarks are by no means perfect, but they show some promising results. These were run with a mix of regular points and sloped points using ellinia's footholds.
```
Benchmark              Mode  Cnt       Score       Error  Units
MihoQuad              thrpt   20  735644.743 ±  8855.393  ops/s
MihoBst               thrpt   20  716753.216 ± 39950.476  ops/s
LiterallyAnArray      thrpt   20  239952.250 ± 11306.816  ops/s
Odin                  thrpt   20   22399.357 ±   424.996  ops/s
```

### Plans Going forward
>Points

Points in maplu are shorts, so we can store x/y as a single int. This will benefit us, as this means Lines and Rects can be stored as a single long. This will be useful for movement processing and packet reading.
